Terms of use
============

1. Purpose

This site is designed to facilitate collaboration
between its members - in particular, motorcycle
enthusiasts with altruistic tendencies.

2. Reasonable use

You agree to use this site with a spirit of
goodwill toward fellow members. We may be diverse
in terms of location, background, intelligence, and
many other qualities, but at the end of the day we
share some common goals and interests, and these
should be generally respected. You will actively
avoid making personal, racial, and all other kinds
of infantile slurs.

3. Punishment for unreasonable use

Offensive material will be removed from the site,
and offending posters will have their accounts
locked indefinitely. Spammers will be similarly
dealt with. Members who behave contrary to the
reasonable use guidelines above will be warned, and
may suffer a temporary reduction of privileges.
Members who repeatedly misbehave will have their
accounts locked indefinitely.

4. Copyright

You agree not to post anything that infringes
copyright. Such material will be removed and
offending posters will be sternly warned about their
behaviour. If you MUST use quotes, try to keep them
short. As a general rule, most of the stuff you put
on the site should come out of your own head.

5. Backup

Efforts will be made to backup the material on the
site, but if you post something that is of peculiar
importance to you, you may wish to consider backing
it up elsewhere, as management will not be held
responsible for any loss of data. This is especially
noteworthy because unlike many websites that have
user-editable content (wikis and so forth) this site
does not maintain a version history of any of its
pages.

6. Account flagging and termination

You agree that management may terminate, lock, or
otherwise flag your account at any time, without
notice. Additionally, you may terminate your own
account at any time using the tools available on the
site.
